# botkillaz
botkillaz scam bucket

I still don't know what the hell I am doing but I am compiling all of this data and need a hub for it. I have chainsafe set up and ready to go just don't know how to go about having all of that quasi-publicly accessable. I need help, learning, scanning, compiling, and more. I really need help crowdfunding a new pc and accessories to make this journey and job doable as it took about 58 seconds to connect node(.)js to populate the install npm command. appologies if my venaculars are way off again im new. My full intent is a broad spectrum of api integrations combined with a appealing and easy ui for an all inclusive relation web. the idea and vision is a solid combination of 0xwatchers/0xscope protocol, blocksec metasleuth, and relation labs relation web technologies combined. I need to learn backend dev for obvious reasons, frontend as I prefer to fully divulge myself into projects, and again I want to learn everything that I can, eventually blockchain specific coding as its detrimental to the whole project, python because automations and ai duh. But first and formost is dev a light webpage that I can load to ipfs and host off my unstoppable domain. they offer a builder but its beyond basic and doesnt seem to respond to external code in the inputs. The landing page, for now, will for starters be a hub for all of my crowdsourcing options. These inclue the already used options of hey wallet, cctip, and now nano social drops and faucet as well as lightning options. Faucet options will be listed directly under any contribution options that have any available, give money get money gang yall! It will also be a ui for all of the data files, the soluml svgs that i acquire with transactions and holdings datas, along with top interactions and ANY centralized exchange and maretplace interaction. I hope to bring to light the volume of fraudulent funds these corporations knowingly launder. Maybe they will take action against it before the damn feds decide to. So many more ideas and thought strings that will eventually come out. First things first is learn....and a whole lot of it....in the meantime I need to get funding flowing and/or secured, and start planning my setup build. On that note...up front honesty I intend to drop A LOT on my rig as I intend to run multiple monitors, a lot of things at once some of high demand, as well as a dedicated node for the "0xTxj3D1 CySecPit" project so there is always another hard backup of the collected information. Please if you want to contribute in ANY way reach out. Any knowledge, any help, any skills, any pc parts, any redirects/invites, ANY help is greatly appreciated. Much love yall and I hope to make these dreams reality and start working on the next 5! 
